README.md, before:

<a name="readme-top"></a>

<!--
HOW TO USE:
This is an example of how you may give instructions on setting up your project locally.

Modify this file to match your project and remove sections that don't apply.

REQUIRED SECTIONS:
- Table of Contents
- About the Project
  - Built With
  - Live Demo
- Getting Started
- Authors
- Future Features
- Contributing
- Show your support
- Acknowledgements
- License

After you're finished please remove all the comments and instructions!
-->

<div align="center">

  <img src="murple_logo.png" alt="logo" width="140"  height="auto" />
  <br/>

  <h3><b>Capstone Project README </b></h3>

</div>

<!-- TABLE OF CONTENTS -->

# 📗 Table of Contents

- [📖 About the Project](#about-project)
  - [🛠 Built With](#built-with)
    - [Key Features](#key-features)
  - [🚀 Live Demo](#live-demo)
- [💻 Getting Started](#getting-started)
  - [Setup](#setup)
  - [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
  - [Install](#install)
- [👥 Authors](#authors)
- [🤝 Contributing](#contributing)
- [⭐️ Show your support](#support)
- [📝 License](#license)

<!-- PROJECT DESCRIPTION -->

# 📖 [your_project_name] <a name="about-project"></a>

> Describe your project in 1 or 2 sentences.

**[Capstone_Project]** is a website for a gaming convention

## 🛠 Built With <a name="built-with"></a>

- HTML
- CSS
- Javascript

<!-- Features -->

### Key Features <a name="key-features"></a>

> Describe between 1-3 key features of the application.

- **[Responsive]**
- **[Mobile_Menu_interactions]**
- **[Dynamic_Page]**

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- LIVE DEMO -->

## 🚀 Live Demo <a name="live-demo"></a>

> Add a link to your deployed project.

- [Live Demo Link](https://yourdeployedapplicationlink.com)

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- GETTING STARTED -->

## 💻 Getting Started <a name="getting-started"></a>

> Describe how a new developer could make use of your project.

To get a local copy up and running, follow these steps.

### Prerequisites

In order to run this project you need:

- Web Browser
- Code Editor: [visual Studio code](https://code.visualstudio.com/)

<!--
Example command:

```sh
 gem install rails
```
 -->

### Setup

Clone this repository to your desired folder:

```
git clone git@github.com:SabiMantock/capstone_project.git
```

Open a index.html file with your code editor of your choice and/or a browser of your choice.

```
Open the project using a live server extension that can be found into your code editor.
```

<!--
Example commands:

```sh
  cd my-folder
  git clone git@github.com:myaccount/my-project.git
```
--->

### Install

Install npm packages with:

```
npm install
```

<!--
Example command:

```sh
  cd my-project
  gem install
```
--->

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- AUTHORS -->

## 👥 Authors <a name="authors"></a>

> Mention all of the collaborators of this project.

👤 **Author**

- GitHub: [@SabiMantock](https://github.com/SabiMantock)
- Twitter: [@IamSabiMantock](https://twitter.com/IamSabiMantock)
- LinkedIn: [Sabi Mantock](https://linkedin.com/in/sabi-mantock/)

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- CONTRIBUTING -->

## 🤝 Contributing <a name="contributing"></a>

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](../../issues/).

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- SUPPORT -->

## ⭐️ Show your support <a name="support"></a>

> Write a message to encourage readers to support your project

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- LICENSE -->

## 📝 License <a name="license"></a>

This project is [MIT](./LICENSE) licensed.

_NOTE: we recommend using the [MIT license](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/) - you can set it up quickly by [using templates available on GitHub](https://docs.github.com/en/communities/setting-up-your-project-for-healthy-contributions/adding-a-license-to-a-repository). You can also use [any other license](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/) if you wish._

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

Commit message:

Updated Readme file with acknowledgements nd link to live preview

README.md, after:

<a name="readme-top"></a>

<!--
HOW TO USE:
This is an example of how you may give instructions on setting up your project locally.

Modify this file to match your project and remove sections that don't apply.

REQUIRED SECTIONS:
- Table of Contents
- About the Project
  - Built With
  - Live Demo
- Getting Started
- Authors
- Future Features
- Contributing
- Show your support
- Acknowledgements
- License

After you're finished please remove all the comments and instructions!
-->

<div align="center">

  <img src="murple_logo.png" alt="logo" width="140"  height="auto" />
  <br/>

  <h3><b>Capstone Project README </b></h3>

</div>

<!-- TABLE OF CONTENTS -->

# 📗 Table of Contents

- [📖 About the Project](#about-project)
  - [🛠 Built With](#built-with)
    - [Key Features](#key-features)
  - [🚀 Live Demo](#live-demo)
- [💻 Getting Started](#getting-started)
  - [Setup](#setup)
  - [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
  - [Install](#install)
- [👥 Authors](#authors)
- [🤝 Contributing](#contributing)
- [⭐️ Show your support](#support)
- [🙏 Acknowledgements](#acknowledgements)
- [📝 License](#license)

<!-- PROJECT DESCRIPTION -->

# 📖 [your_project_name] <a name="about-project"></a>

> Describe your project in 1 or 2 sentences.

**[Capstone_Project]** is a website for a gaming convention

## 🛠 Built With <a name="built-with"></a>

- HTML
- CSS
- Javascript

<!-- Features -->

### Key Features <a name="key-features"></a>

> Describe between 1-3 key features of the application.

- **[Responsive]**
- **[Mobile_Menu_interactions]**
- **[Dynamic_Page]**

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- LIVE DEMO -->

## 🚀 Live Demo <a name="live-demo"></a>

> Add a link to your deployed project.

- [Live Demo Link](https://sabimantock.github.io/capstone_project/)

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- GETTING STARTED -->

## 💻 Getting Started <a name="getting-started"></a>

> Describe how a new developer could make use of your project.

To get a local copy up and running, follow these steps.

### Prerequisites

In order to run this project you need:

- Web Browser
- Code Editor: [visual Studio code](https://code.visualstudio.com/)

<!--
Example command:

```sh
 gem install rails
```
 -->

### Setup

Clone this repository to your desired folder:

```
git clone git@github.com:SabiMantock/capstone_project.git
```

Open a index.html file with your code editor of your choice and/or a browser of your choice.

```
Open the project using a live server extension that can be found into your code editor.
```

<!--
Example commands:

```sh
  cd my-folder
  git clone git@github.com:myaccount/my-project.git
```
--->

### Install

Install npm packages with:

```
npm install
```

<!--
Example command:

```sh
  cd my-project
  gem install
```
--->

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- AUTHORS -->

## 👥 Authors <a name="authors"></a>

> Mention all of the collaborators of this project.

👤 **Author**

- GitHub: [@SabiMantock](https://github.com/SabiMantock)
- Twitter: [@IamSabiMantock](https://twitter.com/IamSabiMantock)
- LinkedIn: [Sabi Mantock](https://linkedin.com/in/sabi-mantock/)

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- CONTRIBUTING -->

## 🤝 Contributing <a name="contributing"></a>

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](../../issues/).

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- SUPPORT -->

## ⭐️ Show your support <a name="support"></a>

> Write a message to encourage readers to support your project

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS -->

## 🙏 Acknowledgments <a name="acknowledgements"></a>

I would like to thank Cindy Shin for her beautiful design.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- LICENSE -->

## 📝 License <a name="license"></a>

This project is [MIT](./LICENSE) licensed.

_NOTE: we recommend using the [MIT license](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/) - you can set it up quickly by [using templates available on GitHub](https://docs.github.com/en/communities/setting-up-your-project-for-healthy-contributions/adding-a-license-to-a-repository). You can also use [any other license](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/) if you wish._

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>
